Update forward-data-from-sumologic.md (#5823)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/data-forwarding/forward-data-from-sumologic.md

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

:::

> Forward Data from Sumo Logic to GCS is not released, to get an early access contact your Sumo Logic [Support](https://support.sumologic.com/support/s/).

Author: The feature is not actually Beta. This is released only for Samsung for now, later on-request we can release it to customers.

> Forward Data from Sumo Logic to GCS is not released, to get an early access contact your Sumo Logic [Support](https://support.sumologic.com/support/s/).

Reviewer: oh ok, thank you for clarifying

> Data forwarding to Google Cloud Storage (GCS) is not yet generally available. To request early access, contact your Sumo Logic executive or [Support](https://support.sumologic.com/support/s).

Author: ```suggestion
Data forwarding to Google Cloud Storage (GCS) is not yet generally available. To enable access, contact your Sumo Logic executive or [Support](https://support.sumologic.com/support/s).
```
